Disassemble the Belkin "RT3200", aka "AX3200" without damage
(allowing access to serial, and JTAG.)

You will need at least one of the following, and a screwdriver:
Plastic spudger, credit card, tooth pick, guitar pick.

1. Remove the adhesive labels below the device's legs.
(Use a razor blade/scalpel if you wish to save them)

2. Unscrew the four flush screws, and using the spudger start at one corner of the legs.
Work from one side to the other slowly, as the tabs unlock.
(You will hear clicks for each tab)

!!NO FORCE SHOULD BE USED!!

3. Do the same for the other leg, and remove the legs.
You now will see two round screws, this holds the PCB "sled" in place. 
(Ignore them for now)

4. Inside the front face of the router, there's a tiny delicate clip, this is what releases the faceplate.
Using a rigid flat object, place it between the inside of the clip and the overhang it latches into.
Roll it off using leverage, or gently rotate a thicker object clockwise to nudge the clip from engagement.)

!!DO PULL OR PRY THE CLIP WITH FORCE, IT'S DELICATE!!

5. Place a "shim" between the ledge and clip to prevent the clip from re-engaging.
Use a long object to push within the notched zone that the clip protrudes through.
Doing this with enough force applied will expose a gap on the front face panel where a shim can be placed.

6. Remove the prior shim disengaging the clip, and run a spudger along the newly exposed face releasing all of the clips.
The shim will fall inside when all pressure is released, slowly remove the face.

7. Remove the previous two round screws under the legs that hold the PCB tray inside, 
and tilt the back side of the router towards the ground.


8. Unscrew the 3 outer screws to remove the PCB from the sled.

!!THE SLED SHOULD FALL OUT!!

In the event it doesn't come loose, theres a notched square on the top corner exposing a piece of the sled.
At first glance this might appear to be a clip but it's merely a protruding part of the sled,
which can be used to eject with the PCB with some force.

If neither option works, slide a spudger around the back side, and place a shim at every individual notch location,
aligned to the corresponding notched areas on the front face side.

9. Unplug the antennas, and remember their locations.
(one is specific to 802.11bgn, the other 802.11ax)

!!DON'T REMOVE THE WHITE SILKSCREEN CIRCLED SCREWS THAT HOLD THE HEATSINK ON THE PCB!!

Repeat the process in reverse to put back together.
